README.md, before:

### Welcome to the *Zend Framework 2.1* Release!

Master: [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/zendframework/zf2.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/zendframework/zf2)
Develop: [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/zendframework/zf2.png?branch=develop)](http://travis-ci.org/zendframework/zf2)

## RELEASE INFORMATION

*Zend Framework 2.1.5dev*

This is the fifth maintenance release for the version 2.1 series.

DD MMM YYYY

### UPDATES IN 2.1.5

Please see [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md).

### SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

Zend Framework 2 requires PHP 5.3.3 or later; we recommend using the
latest PHP version whenever possible.

### INSTALLATION

Please see [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md).

### CONTRIBUTING

If you wish to contribute to Zend Framework, please read both the
[CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [README-GIT.md](README-GIT.md) file.

### QUESTIONS AND FEEDBACK

Online documentation can be found at http://framework.zend.com/manual.
Questions that are not addressed in the manual should be directed to the
appropriate mailing list:

http://framework.zend.com/archives/subscribe/

If you find code in this release behaving in an unexpected manner or
contrary to its documented behavior, please create an issue in our GitHub
issue tracker:

https://github.com/zendframework/zf2/issues

If you would like to be notified of new releases, you can subscribe to
the fw-announce mailing list by sending a blank message to
<fw-announce-subscribe@lists.zend.com>.

### LICENSE

The files in this archive are released under the Zend Framework license.
You can find a copy of this license in [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt).

### ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

The Zend Framework team would like to thank all the [contributors](https://github.com/zendframework/zf2/contributors) to the Zend
Framework project, our corporate sponsor, and you, the Zend Framework user.
Please visit us sometime soon at http://framework.zend.com.

Commit message:

Commiting an updated README.me for this fork.

README.md, after:

### PURPOSE OF THIS FORK ###

Remove all the minimum files needed for zend translate.  Made numerous changes for this to work in HipHop VM, which mostly involves
accounting for HHVM's lack of support for namespaces.
    
If you find that a function cannot be found in one of the Zend classes, try importing with 'use \function'.
For example: 'use \fopen;'

### Welcome to the *Zend Framework 2.1* Release!

Master: [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/zendframework/zf2.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/zendframework/zf2)
Develop: [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/zendframework/zf2.png?branch=develop)](http://travis-ci.org/zendframework/zf2)

## RELEASE INFORMATION

*Zend Framework 2.1.5dev*

This is the fifth maintenance release for the version 2.1 series.

DD MMM YYYY

### UPDATES IN 2.1.5

Please see [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md).

### SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

Zend Framework 2 requires PHP 5.3.3 or later; we recommend using the
latest PHP version whenever possible.

### INSTALLATION

Please see [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md).

### CONTRIBUTING

If you wish to contribute to Zend Framework, please read both the
[CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [README-GIT.md](README-GIT.md) file.

### QUESTIONS AND FEEDBACK

Online documentation can be found at http://framework.zend.com/manual.
Questions that are not addressed in the manual should be directed to the
appropriate mailing list:

http://framework.zend.com/archives/subscribe/

If you find code in this release behaving in an unexpected manner or
contrary to its documented behavior, please create an issue in our GitHub
issue tracker:

https://github.com/zendframework/zf2/issues

If you would like to be notified of new releases, you can subscribe to
the fw-announce mailing list by sending a blank message to
<fw-announce-subscribe@lists.zend.com>.

### LICENSE

The files in this archive are released under the Zend Framework license.
You can find a copy of this license in [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt).

### ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

The Zend Framework team would like to thank all the [contributors](https://github.com/zendframework/zf2/contributors) to the Zend
Framework project, our corporate sponsor, and you, the Zend Framework user.
Please visit us sometime soon at http://framework.zend.com.
